[gasps]
[HONOKA gasps]
[PARASITE A groans]
Wait a minute, that's...
[gasps]
‐‐[footsteps]
‐‐[KUDOU chuckles]
That's an interesting
development.
[FUJIBAYASHI]
Grandfather!
[KUDOU] That last psychokinetic
blast was released,
I believe, from the 3H,
wasn't it.
I've never heard of
anyone designing robots
that possess psychic powers.
Neither have I,
at least up until now.
I don't think current
technology's capable.
Precisely. Which means...
...clearly, there's a
distinct organic element
that now inhabits that 3H.
So the demon took up
residence in the robot?
I've received periodic reports
about the parasites,
but this portion
was oddly omitted.
The reports we've
gotten have also lacked
this particular detail.
I only know about it
because of gossip.
No need to worry.
I wasn't criticizing you,
Kyoko, not in the least.
I was just thinking about
how fascinating it was.
[gasps]
To think it was possible
a humanoid robot
could be used in
this capacity...
♪
[TATSUYA]
This isn't good.
I'm willing to bet someone
noticed that psychic display.
The police are most
likely on their way now.
Does that mean... we should
leave for the time being?
I think it's best.
[ERIKA]
Tatsuya!
[TATSUYA]
Hm?
Sorry we weren't here sooner!
Good timing, guys.
Oh. You came, too, Leo?
[LEO] Yeah. I convinced them.
It'll be good for my rehab.
Well, just take it easy.
[LEO]
Right.
Hey, Erika.
Huh? What's up?
We need to get out of here
and we need to do it
as quickly as possible.
Did you figure out where
would be a good spot
to put these three?
Well, um...
We could take them to the
storehouse at Miki's place.
Is that okay, Mikihiko?
[MIKIHIKO]
Mm. Of course it is.
It lines up with the job
that Ancient Magic magicians
are tasked with, anyway.
[ERIKA]
It's settled, then.
So me, Miki, and I guess
Leo will take over now.
You guess?!
We've got this from here,
so you guys head on home.
Wait, but why?
We can wait for you
to load up, it's fine.
Tatsuya, you see, uh...
[grunts]
I think we'll take a cabinet.
That's probably for the best.
Brother, hey, did you
want to talk about
why you look so worried?
I'm not really worried,
per se, just thinking.
Honoka. So, about earlier,
when Pixie released that
strong psychokinetic blast.
Did you get a clear
sense of what happened?
Not really, but why?
What do you mean?
Listen carefully and calmly.
Just before Pixie fired
that blast, she had been
supplied with psions that
came from you, Honoka.
[gasps]
Are you trying
to say that Honoka
was the real source
of Pixie's strength?
No, it didn't exactly
seem like that.
It was more similar to
injecting Psions into a CAD
when you want to magnify
an activation sequence.
It was almost like...
priming, I'd say.
Or maybe resonance.
[HONOKA gasps]
[TATSUYA] Mizuki said something
like the parasite almost
copied Honoka's thoughts.
There really seems to
be some sort of psychic
conduit between her and Pixie.
And from what
I'm able to tell...
[MIYUKI gasps]
[HONOKA gasps]
[TATSUYA] ...it seems that
the source of your connection
with her is actually
your hair ties, Honoka.
Wait, what?
[TATSUYA]
Specifically, those crystals.
I don't have any idea what sort
of logic is at work here, but...
[HONOKA gasps]
[MIYUKI gasps]
[HONOKA]
Tatsuya gave me these hair ties,
so they're precious to me.
I don't wanna lose them!
Setting aside the
functional properties,
we'll have to find a way
to harness their power.
[HONOKA gasps]
[LEO] So... how are we
gonna carry these guys?
I can call a car
to haul 'em away.
That'll work, right?
[COP A]
You there, what are you doing?!
You're high school students,
aren't you?
It's a little late to be here.
[COP B]
What is this?!
What were you
little punks doing?!
Answer me!
No, you don't get it.
See, we're‐‐
I should be asking
you that. Got ID?
Tsk! The hell'd you say?!
Hey, Erika!
You heard me. I asked you
for your names and rank,
so let's have 'em.
[COPS]
Huh?
You don't know?
There aren't any police
currently patrolling this area.
They were all issued a
mandate to leave.
Even my moronic brother wouldn't
cut corners at a time like this.
What are you
yammering about?!
If you wanted to play dressup,
plainclothes mighta
worked better.
Then I would have at least
tried to hear you guys out.
Your stalling tactics ain't
gonna work here, girlie.
We've caught you
committing a misdemeanor.
Now, come on.
Wow... it's Impressive how
you're still playing dumb.
How unfortunate for you two.
We managed to stop these
three degenerates cold
during an attempted
sexual assault.
And, we were just waiting
for actual police officers
to get here.
We don't have time or
patience for impostors.
Am I making myself clear?
It's awesome how fast
she can spin a story...
[LEO]
Look out!
[LEO shouts]
[grunts]
Leo, get back! Now!
[gasps]
They make those things?!
[grunts]
[SOLDIER A]
Huh?
Huh?!
[MIKIHIKO grunts]
[SOLDIER A yells]
Thunder Child!
[SOLDIER B groans]
Where are the others?
[LEO, SOLDIER C grunting]
Heh!
Ha!
[COPS grunt]
[gasps]
[MIKIHIKO] We're being pulled
away from the parasites.
This has to end quicky,
even if we have to be brutal‐‐
[gasps]
Guys! Get down!
[ERIKA, LEO gasp]
[MIKIHIKO grunts]
[gasps]
I'll get 'em.
[MIKIHIKO]
Erika, no!
[gasps]
[MIKIHIKO]
If you shot them down here,
it would cause a
massive tragedy.
[ERIKA sighs] Well, that throws
a wrench into things.
[OPERATOR A]
We got a call coming in.
It's from the stealth team.
[ASSISTANT DIVISION CHIEF]
Open the line.
Reporting in, Sir.
Mission successful.
Sample secured and safe.
Despite that
unfortunate accident,
you seem to have
accomplished your objective.
Bring them into the
"ice box" as discussed.
And just in case, I suggest
going heavy on the drugs.
[CAPTAIN A]
Yessir!
[TATSUYA] You had something
you wanted to talk about?
[ALL]
Uh...
Tatsuya, well, uh,
actually we...
[TATSUYA]
What?
Are you gonna tell me you
let the parasites escape?
[ALL gasp]
[TATSUYA sighs]
I'm not going to get mad
about something like that,
so don't worry.
We can't do anything
about them now, anyway.
No, wait, that's
not it, Tatsuya!
That's right! They totally
didn't escape from us!
Well, I mean, they did, I guess.
But it wasn't what you think...
Someone just swooped
right in and grabbed 'em.
Really? Someone was
strong enough to do that?
It may sound like we're
acting like sore losers,
but to be honest,
they weren't that strong
in terms of ability.
But they came fully armed,
and ready to fight.
Their suits shocked me
when I punched them.
I've never seen that before.
Every time I hit one,
powder flew out everywhere.
Damn it.
I knew I should have brought
a weapon with longer range.
Is that so?
And then they took the parasites
away on this gigantic airship.
I'm mad just thinking about it!
Well, at any rate, you're lucky
nothing worse happened.
Wait, Tatsuya, are you saying
you know who they were?
I do.
If they used specialized gear
and a stealth equipped airship,
there's only one answer as to
which entity is behind all that.
It has the Japan Ground
Defense Force's
counterintelligence
Section Three.
Then, if we know who we're up
against now, don't we also
have a good idea where
they've taken the parasites?
[TATSUYA] We won't know that
until we know what they want.
[ERIKA, MIKIHIKO sigh]
Yeah that's right...
They're a government outfit,
so they can probably have all
the bases they would need.
Well, I'm sure they
have a specific budget.
They can't just have,
like, a hundred of them.
Regardless, they're likely
hidden all over the place,
so even a thorough search
wouldn't uncover them.
I mean, we don't really
have to worry much.
We just have to make sure
nobody can barge in this time.
So we'll just have
to set a trap.
[ALL gasp]
[AYAKO] Miss Balance.
Good morning to you.
I apologize for calling
so early, Colonel.
Oh, it's you again.
Did you have something important
you wanted to share with me?
Indeed.
Yesterday evening, the JGDF
counterintelligence department's
Section Three apprehended
multiple parasites.
We discovered one of them is a
magician who was previously part
of the USNA military forces.
Which means the parasites
have begun moving again?
[AYAKO] It's possible that
after the parasites' vessels
were destroyed, they shortly
found new hosts.
Here are the ones that
are currently in custody.
Three parasites have now
been taken prisoner.
This one is the only one of
them we have been able to
identify thus far.
But if you wish, we would be
more than happy to tell you
where they are being held.
Yes, please do, Miss Kuroba.
Very well, consider it done.
[BALANCE sighs]
[TATSUYA] That's about it.
I think that airship belonged to
Counterintelligence
Section Three.
And it's rumored to have
ties to the Saegusa family.
If you're considering using the
parasites for military purposes,
it's risky.
We don't know how to
destroy them for sure.
So, I think we should
seal them for now.
Counterintelligence
Section Three?
Despite being a Saegusa,
I had no idea,
so I'm fairly surprised
you know about it.
I would appreciate it
if you didn't ask
what my information source is.
[MAYUMI] Well, you probably
have enough on your own plate,
so I won't.
But tell me.
Why didn't you mention
that you were going out
to capture the parasites?
[TATSUYA] Because I figured
the more people I brought along,
the more it would
arouse their suspicion.
Oh!
I suppose that
does make sense.
Anyway, as for the
reason you came here,
I assume you want me to explain
all this to my father.
And convince the bureau to give
the parasites they snatched
back to Erika and the others?
[TATSUYA] I won't tell you to
make them give them back,
but once you've
verified the reason
they took the parasites aways,
if they're attempting anything
other than sealing them,
I'd like you to warn them off.
Tell them, if word gets
out that the bureau is
exploiting the parasites,
and also, if magicians
suffer because of it,
they'll be the ones responsible
for paying for the damages.
That's quite an
unsettling thought.
Considering what's been
happening in the USNA,
I believe the threat is
completely warranted.
[MAYUMI grunts]
Then it's settled.
I'll go talk to my father.
But I unfortunately
can't promise any results,
so try not to
expect too much.
Because unlike one
Katsuto Jumonji,
I don't exactly have
free reign over my family.
[TATSUYA]
I appreciate it.
[phone rings]
[TATSUYA]
Oh, it's Saegusa...
[gasps]
What is this?
[TATSUYA]
Lina...
[gasps]
[MIYUKI gasps]
[TATSUYA sighs] They make
her do such cruel things.
Brother, wait.
It couldn't be...
Was that Lina?
Probably.
[TATSUYA]
A homicidal act,
with no consideration
for the "contents" within.
The goal was only to burn
the "containers" to cinders.
An execution.
[TATSUYA] Assassination is
lonely, joyless work.
[TATSUYA] Unless one's
personality is attracted to it,
it's far too heavy
for a teenage girl.
So heavy she can't
possibly sustain it.
Little by little,
it will crush her soul.
And Lina doesn't have the
affinity to be an assassin.
Hello. Can you
hear me out there?
[MIYUKI gasps]
Relax, Miyuki.
This room has no
mics or cameras.
He has no way of
seeing or hearing us,
so it's a one‐sided
conversation.
[RAY]
Hope you guys don't mind!
I'll start with an introduction.
Pleased to meet you, my name
is Raymond Sage Clark.
I'm one of the Seven Sages.
[TATSUYA]
The Seven Sages...
I heard about you from
Tia‐‐no, I'm sorry‐‐
I meant to say Shizuku.
It's an honor, Tatsuya.
Oh, I see.
This guy must be
Shizuku's info source.
[RAY]
I'll cut right to the chase.
I'm the one who
told Angie Sirius
about Counterintelligence
Section Three.
But apparently, she somehow
already learned of it
before I informed her.
Regardless of that,
I wanted to make sure
you were in the loop, too.
I think you'll find what
I'm about to tell you
highly beneficial.
The magician boycott movement
raging in the States right now,
and the ones gaining
traction in Japan...
...were set up by
one of us Sages.
And that would be
Gide Sage Hague.
Wait, what?
[RAY] Gide Hague,
better known as, Gu Jie.
A stateless former
Chinese citizen,
and head of international
terrorist cell, Blanche.
He's the boss of Hajime Tsukasa,
the head of Blanche's Japanese
branch, whom you caught.
And also a senior member
of Richard Sun's group,
the previous leader of the
international crime syndicate,
No‐Head Dragon.
In No‐Head Dragon,
they called Gu Jie
"the Black Elder",
or "the Great Hague."
Oh, and I should
probably clarify.
Just because he's one
of the Seven Sages,
doesn't mean I'm in
conspiracy with him.
Seven Sages isn't the name
of a single group, you see.
It refers to the seven operators
with access privileges
to Hlidskjalf.
Hlidskjalf, huh?
I'd heard about it once, but I
thought it was only a rumor.
So does it really exist, then?
[RAY]
Allow me to explain.
It's one of the additional
expansion systems
for Echelon III, the global
monitoring system.
However, since it uses a
backdoor in Echelon III,
perhaps it's more accurate
to call it a hacking device
embedded within the main system.
Anyway, Hlidskjalf collects
information from
throughout the world,
and gives information along with
search matches to the operators.
The system itself
determines which people
are most qualified
to be the operators,
and we have found no logic
as to its decision protocol.
Apparently, it's by
random selection.
[TATSUYA]
This is completely insane.
[RAY] And wielding it comes
with very extensive risks
to those who use it as well.
The operator's search
history is recorded.
In fact, scanning search
history records is how
I found out... about Gide Hague.
[TATSUYA] Then wouldn't
that mean Gide Hague
knows Raymond Clark's
identity, as well?
[RAY] When Blanche's Japanese
branch went underground
and No‐Head Dragon lost its
Japanese headquarters,
Hague lost access to all their
methods to influence Japan.
He was the one who arranged
the parasites' invasion
of Japan, too.
His objective is to rebuild
his spy base there
by taking advantage of
the chaos it's created.
I have now deciphered,
that his goal is to eliminate
any and all magic...
through social methods.
If he succeeds,
the Great Asian Alliance,
which is generally
behind the magic curve,
will quickly see its military
might overpower Japan's.
To reign over a world
devoid of magic.
I believe that's what Hague,
and the people behind him,
are truly pursuing.
Some of this seems
like a bit of a stretch,
but as a whole, I admit
it does make a lot of sense.
And I assure you,
that is not what I want.
This may seem romantic,
so you can laugh at me,
but I think magic is a way
toward helping humans
progress as a species.
[TATSUYA]
Hm!
Well, anyway...
I'd like to keep providing
you with necessary information
in the future, if you trust me,
Tatsuya Shiba.
the Strategic‐Class magician,
Shiva the Destroyer.
That's a really
terrible nickname.
Sorry, I know this
got long‐winded.
Basically, my offer...
...is a proposal that you
let me be your ally
in removing the parasites.
Tomorrow, or February
19th on your calendar,
I want you to lure all
nearby active parasites
to the outdoor training
area behind First High.
And then, I want you
to annihilate them.
[TATSUYA, MIYUKI gasp]
Also, I've already given
Angie Sirius this information.
Either cooperate or
compete with her,
whatever you prefer to do.
[MIYUKI exhales]
We'd better go, or we'll
be late. Ready, Miyuki?
♪